it's up there with this idea that what
science is about is not merely testable
theories because they've been common
forever instead it's about hard to vary
explanations of the physical world I
would say that's my interpretation but
um David makes the the broader point
that what we're actually after in
the production of knowledge generally so
whether it's philosophy or history or
mathematics
um science any particular domain what
we're after is hard to vary explanations
and the reason that we have
been making progress since the
enlightenment through today's
enlightenment
is because of a culture of criticism
the culture of criticism where we
criticize our best theories that exist
at the moment
and we improve them and that enables
progress
we're only in chapter one and already
there are these phenomenal advances in
philosophy phenomenal advances in
epistle